APID: Doc changes for 2.13.0 (#133)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/design-import-files-api-fragment-projects.adoc

= Import Files into an API-Fragment Project

> You can import RAML fragments into an API-fragment project. The fragments that you import can be written in RAML 0.8 or RAML 1.0. You can import annotation types, data types, examples of JSON response payloads, libraries, resource types, security schemes, and traits. You must set one of the fragments in your project as the root file of the project.

Reviewer: Should we tell WHY?

Author: @kbostrom , users will know why they want to import files.

> There are three locations that you can import from: your computer, a location at a URL, and Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can import from any of three locations: your computer, a location at a URL, or Anypoint Exchange.
```

> == Procedure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Procedures
```

* Import a file or the content of a `.zip` file that is stored on your computer, if you are using the text editor:

> . Click the gear icon in the top-right corner of the text editor and select *Import*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the gear icon in the text editor and select *Import*.
```

Author: @kbostrom , the text editor fills an entire browser window. If I don't explain where the icon is, users will not find it easily.

> . In the *Import* dialog, select *File or Zip*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Import*, select *File or Zip*.
```

+

> *Result:* The file or files are listed in the left pane of the editor. If you imported a ``.zip`` file that contains files that are in a folder structure, the folder structure is represented in the pane.

Reviewer: GLOBAL: I find this inline heading unnecessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file or files are listed in the left pane of the editor. If you imported a ZIP file that contains files that are in a folder structure, the folder structure is represented in the pane.
```

> * Import a file that is available through a URL, if you are using the text editor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To import a file that is available through a URL, if you are using the text editor:
```

> . Click the gear icon in the top-right corner of the text editor and select *Import*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the gear icon in the text editor and select *Import*.
```

> . In the *Import* dialog, select *URL*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Import*, select *URL*.
```

+

> *Result:* The file is listed in the left pane of the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file is listed in the left pane of the editor.
```

+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: Hmm...it would be nice to mention this before presenting the steps, I think.

====

With this method of importing a file, you can import only one file at a time. If you import a library fragment, you must also import separately each file that the library uses.

====

* To import an API fragment from Exchange, together with its dependencies:

> . Open the *Import Asset from Exchange* dialog by using either of these methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open *Import Asset from Exchange* by using either of these methods:
```

+

> ** If your project contains only the default file that API Designer created together with the project, you can click the linked text that appears in the *Files* pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If your project contains only the default file that API Designer created together with the project, click the linked text that appears in the *Files* pane.
```

> ** If your project already contains files other than the default project file, click the gear icon in the top-right corner of the text editor and select *Import from Exchange*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If your project already contains files other than the default project file, click the gear icon in the text editor and select *Import from Exchange*.
```

+

> . In the drop-down menu in the top-left corner of the dialog, select the business group that owns the asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the menu in the top-left corner of the dialog, select the business group that owns the asset.
```

. Select one of the assets, which are listed in a table that has these columns:
+

> *Name*:: The name of an API specification or RAML fragment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Name*:: The name of an API specification or RAML fragment
```

+

> *Version*:: The version of a specification or fragment. Select the *Include snapshots* check box in the bottom-left corner of the dialog to include snapshots in this column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Version*:: The version of a specification or fragment
Select the *Include snapshots* checkbox in the dialog to include snapshots in this column.
```

+

> *Type*:: The type of asset. The value must be *API Fragment*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Type*:: The type of asset
The value must be *API Fragment*.
```

Reviewer: DITTO the previous list formatting edits in the remainder of the list.

+
*Language*:: The language for the *API Fragment* type is always RAML because OAS does not use fragments.
+
*Date modified*:: The date that the currently selected version of the currently selected asset was published.
+
*Created by*:: The user ID of the person who published the currently selected version of the currently selected asset.
. Click *Import asset*.

+

> *Result:* The file or files are listed in the left pane of the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file or files are listed in the left pane of the editor.
```
